The Barclays app
How to freeze your debit card or report it missing
If your card has been lost,
stolen or temporarily mislaid
don't worry, the Barclays app can help.
From the home screen, tap here.
Then select the card that's missing.
If you've mislaid your card and would like
to freeze it temporarily, tap here
and set this switch to ‘On.’
If you find your card,
just switch it back to 'Off'.
Now, if you think your card has
been lost or stolen, tap here
and tap ‘Report damaged, lost or stolen’
and tell us whether it's been lost or stolen.
Tap here to order a replacement card.
Now tell us the country where the card went missing
the city or town
and an approximate location.
Select a date and time
and if your PIN is known by anyone other than yourself.
Click on ‘Block card now’.
Now that your card has been
reported as lost or stolen
select if you’d like to
order a replacement card.
Check your delivery address is correct.
If the details are correct, click on
‘Confirm new card order’.
And you’re done.
Your new card is on its way and will be
with you within five working days.